Fuck forgot all my stuff on way to Syd's oh well I'll manage, dice roller, sheet I sent to PY? I'll figure it out



And... I might of missed my bus, sweet. Fucking google I left basically on time



Yup probably fucking missed it.. walk I guess?



- The mask comic books is supposed to be amazing #media



Okay cool got stuff to play.



- Metal lords, movie #media 

- Slaughterhouse rules #media 



====



Amaruc essaie de sentir 



We're in Gwendolyn 12 #town 



Aloone village we cross on road #9 taking the road back #town 



I live on the 3rd island left to right, like amaruc #map 



***



[[22.05.01 - walk to town]] -> [22.05.01 filibert misha town](../3%20-%20Insights/1%20-%20Insights/22.05.01%20filibert%20misha%20town.md) | 2022-07-02



Filibert et Micha muskett town and moliah #backstory #map



***



Not on road, leaving esthiel #town 



People cleaning pit to make it look like a city



Sydney asked old man if seen lizardfolk he did not



Find flattened grass to follow 



Find rotten bones



***



[[22.05.01 - walk to town]] -> [22.05.01 burnt heart](../3%20-%20Insights/1%20-%20Insights/22.05.01%20burnt%20heart.md) | 2022-07-02



Fil and Micha burnt self makes a heart, totally doesn't #backstory #art



***



2pm sunny



Hear a noise, clicking far off

Behind us we follow it goes away from us... Watching us maybe? #mystery 



They come back



I throw a bone to scare whatever it is off, amaruc chases the bone and returns it #fun 



Ted Lasso accent?



<del>- [ ] buy special runes to talk to my god, 25pg #me</del>



Micha casts darkvision on us, last an hour



***



[[22.05.01 - walk to town]] -> [22.05.01 Smokey the owl bear](../3%20-%20Insights/1%20-%20Insights/22.05.01%20Smokey%20the%20owl%20bear.md) | 2022-07-02



Smokey the owl bear, #fun



***



Get to end of tall grass, find small rock wall



Road on other side

Between cities, on way to capital



200 ft bones getting less and less.



Can see light spots of maybe cities.



Filibert helps over wall but falls and falls on amaruc



We go to other village, more humid, upper north of country

Better upkeep sign

***



[[22.05.01 - walk to town]] -> [22.05.01 town Nito](../3%20-%20Insights/1%20-%20Insights/22.05.01%20town%20Nito.md) | 2022-07-02



Nito #11 #town



***



Square shaped, main Street

Center point rectangle tiny stands merchant stands

Little lights no one, much better city because closer to capital.



Find an inn empty quiet, amaruc goes to counter

Mutt of red hair under the counter, she



Dwarf woman, no beard 

Amaruc is excited and speaks dwarvish to her



Have a bed for tortles :O



Micha asked for bed on ceiling #fun



-6 silver me #money 



Ma'am



Only Inn in town



Weird knock



Two separate room

Unseen servants bring in beds and stuff



We sleep at inn





