Misha sends a message to that guy who told us about the secret weapon...
Yo you dead or all good?

No answer.

<del>- [ ] how does ialo feel about necromancy?</del>

19:04
Plan to go to temple, check on gnome healing then we'll try the locate object spell

<del>- [ ] Oh yeah captain wants a hold of me... Why sleep at the guard post?</del>

***

[22.08.21 - Guards impale Mindflayer on Pike](1%20-%20Sessions/22.08.21%20-%20Guards%20impale%20Mindflayer%20on%20Pike.md) -> [22.08.21 - Crazy Rain at Capital](../3%20-%20Insights/1%20-%20Insights/22.08.21%20-%20Crazy%20Rain%20at%20Capital.md) | 2022-09-24

Starts raining horribly

***

Shop keep tells us to come in

When we were Walking up hill, see barrel going down

Sydney smack talks shop keep, he sends her out and has to do dex throws to avoid like barrels and shit

I go out to save Amaruc in the horrible weather, go into she'll after getting hit by rocks

Misha gets hit by a chicken

I let go to save Amaruc, dont, she lets go to save me

I fall down the hill, the slope gradually lessens enough for me to hang onto something 

Rain let's up, we walk back to place

<del>- [ ] go back to barrel guy who will make shirts of like... Survived the slide</del>
	- [ ] gave him contract

"Souvenir" shop

***

[22.08.21 - Guards impale Mindflayer on Pike](1%20-%20Sessions/22.08.21%20-%20Guards%20impale%20Mindflayer%20on%20Pike.md) -> [22.08.21 - Filibert prank on Amaruc](../3%20-%20Insights/1%20-%20Insights/22.08.21%20-%20Filibert%20prank%20on%20Amaruc.md) | 2022-09-24

Filibert gives amaruc a "healing potion", alter self spell turns out

Why did you give it to me?
Because you wasted our fucking time

***

2.8 M
***

[22.08.21 - Guards impale Mindflayer on Pike](1%20-%20Sessions/22.08.21%20-%20Guards%20impale%20Mindflayer%20on%20Pike.md) -> [22.08.21 - Arnauds PC](../3%20-%20Insights/1%20-%20Insights/22.08.21%20-%20Arnauds%20PC.md) | 2022-09-24

Demi orc
Tormund

Goblin family from fight city 
Real parents killed want to find out how

***

He joins us

Make everyone apologize 

<del>- [ ] Sydney inspiration for being sad? Good roleplay</del>
<del>- [ ] prank filibert and Misha for amaruc</del>

Ask for legless Dan

Hes this tall... Well this tall now

 No locate object find, go to the hole??

Larmoire la mort

Guy comes in and out of consciousness they tell us. We wait like 2.5 hrs

Guy comes awake

***

[22.08.21 - Guards impale Mindflayer on Pike](1%20-%20Sessions/22.08.21%20-%20Guards%20impale%20Mindflayer%20on%20Pike.md) -> [22.08.21 - Devil living in armoire](../3%20-%20Insights/1%20-%20Insights/22.08.21%20-%20Devil%20living%20in%20armoire.md) | 2022-09-24

Armoire was a jail... Internal plane... Devil living in there trapped. They say one... He doesn't know. He bought chains on it. #armoire 

To free it, to get a favor hedoesnt know why mindflayer would want

***

Duaergar dwarves with make-up?? Not speaking dwarvish...

Lebowski magic owner #npc 

Copper piece on guys belly for the info #copper -1cp

Guard place, guy impaled on a stick. Le mindflayer. Dying.

We have a new bed open now... (Mindflayer dead)

Magnus wtf they do wtf they do
Scared as fuck

We ask Magnus to escape w us
Magnus says yes and flies off

Misha finds small amount of blood here and there

10 days left for Sydney

Jump out window because hear footsteps

Run to general store

Misha stays in guard place to hear what happens

***

[22.08.21 - Guards impale Mindflayer on Pike](1%20-%20Sessions/22.08.21%20-%20Guards%20impale%20Mindflayer%20on%20Pike.md) -> [22.08.21 - Captain sees Misha](../3%20-%20Insights/1%20-%20Insights/22.08.21%20-%20Captain%20sees%20Misha.md) | 2022-09-24

4-5 people bust in 
Captain looks out window, looks up and sees Misha very clearly #captain 
Smiles at her

***

Someone calls out to us, to come here

***

[22.08.21 - Guards impale Mindflayer on Pike](1%20-%20Sessions/22.08.21%20-%20Guards%20impale%20Mindflayer%20on%20Pike.md) -> [22.08.21 - NPC General Store Guy](../3%20-%20Insights/1%20-%20Insights/22.08.21%20-%20NPC%20General%20Store%20Guy.md) | 2022-09-24

General store guy
Brings us to magic store, has key...

***

Guards out in street looking 

Misha makes it back

***

[22.08.21 - Guards impale Mindflayer on Pike](1%20-%20Sessions/22.08.21%20-%20Guards%20impale%20Mindflayer%20on%20Pike.md) -> [22.08.21 - Hiding out in the Magic Store](../3%20-%20Insights/1%20-%20Insights/22.08.21%20-%20Hiding%20out%20in%20the%20Magic%20Store.md) | 2022-09-24

There's a portal... Can take you to irongate #portal 

Amaruc wants to escape

Guy finds a book with a hand on it, eye of vekna #vekna 

Portal will send you to another mister lebowski, his brother. He knows more about the armoire, or can get someone who knows more about it. Can solve the problem #armoire 

Stay here don't make noise, see if you can read this book... #item 

Young boy goes down through secret trap, to keep up appearances 

Stuck in there for the night.

***