My portal when I leave and come back, always comes back in same place

<del>- [ ] $36, $9 to Leonie for hotdogs</del>

City of irongate, temporary teleport circle.

Sent to house of gnome Louie lebowski cabinet maker brother of other magic shop guy.

They.. blackmailed the king? So the king deals w evil armoire

<del>- [ ] write why ialo left, checking on other contracts</del>

Brava teleport

# session 
I'm back at Brava look for trap door

Should I do ialo as ted lasso

<del>- [ ] a copperpiece </del>

Torch light no note for me..

Magnus npc is general store guy

Warns me to prepare myself for lebowski

<del>- [ ] copperpiece to new lebowski</del>
Told me they'd be back in a couple of hours

9th floor, I'm on the 17th

Dwarvish city of irongate
Tower that contains a city.

Dont follow the lights

I decide to stay the night
Lebowski hears what we players say at table

Tells me about past, bring cabinet maker, met his master how to create magical stuff. Gnome specialty furniture to contain a threat, protect, or get rid #npc 

Gyrion devil, he made the airmore #npc 

Helped awakened him, capture him, threw in cabinet #airmoire 

Engage that monster w another monster 

Pass the night w lebowski

In morning will look for party

<del>- [ ] would just eating meat mess your digestion?</del>

They go to blacksmith 

Suggests to go to 14th floor

Amaruc bought something to tie herself up, like change protection? Lol #item chains

ialo doesn't like tips #ialo 

Amaruc cries to see ialo, apparently hates the city, tips. Doesn't understand them

Underhill #place halflings

City, sol pepe #place 
Outloo

Amaruc needs a forest? 3 days travel?

Go to village #3? Travel othlo #place 

Smaug #place 

Death is unaturak going to find a way to reverse it filibert #backstory 

Travelling, sun going down, hear something in grass?

Ting of metal

Attacked by dwarven javelin

4 duergar coming at us

# combat!
21 initiate 

Thormund #pc 

<del>- [ ] add mace damage</del>
	- +7 attack, +4 DMG

We're actually going to use flanking #rules 

Shocking grasp mellee spell 1d8+


# game
Misha does speak w dead on one

Dwarvish
We had an opportunity decided to seize it
Why would we know you
We are everywhere, depends how deep you look

+3 gl
+3 silv
+1 silver chalice

<del>- [ ] +10gp amaruc debt from sydney</del>

Give Misha copper piece

Cart will pay us 

Protect 5gp/day 
So one day

On roads, people selling stuff, and I don't want any shit from you. 

Farm town Smaug

Shamiss #npc 25gp all so 5gp

Smith of the village looking for work, problems with beast

1cp 

<del>- [ ] human girlfriend? What is, decide </del>

-1sl
