22.11.12
# weapon
Mace weapon 1d6+4


# recap
Blacksmith anvils smashing everyone's toes

Amarucs first werewolf night, chains helped noice . Crazy magic chains #items

Second night, working on farm?
Villagers exploring woods to see what was the words 

Morning of third night

Sleeping during day because can't at night. 

# session
Tourmund going to work farm for some reason?

I was out a session so catching up as I can

Mob in front of blacksmith, villagers talking about noise the night before, big monster wolf 
We need to protect our stuff more

Find a farmer who needs farm work done, he's doing because he has nothing else to do

Rain, grey skies. Lots of rain

Staying at a hotel

2-3pm?

Wind twirl with dust... It's me!

Remember don't mention werewolves #remember 

Go to butchers, door pushed open

Hear rumbling, everything clean.

Back door open

Out back see farmers holding butcher from arms! Muffled yelling and screaming

Interrogation from farmers because he sold pork hearts, weird stuff to Misha lol

Wolf howls, monsters 

Chicken got sick butcher stopped buying from them. Four brothers up the road, don't hire people.

Farm is up north of city
Very protective if their land up north, think it's theirs

Group has seen the dudes before, they saw a worth and told dudes about it 

Going into forest, knocked tree over last time

- [ ] write my gods name you idiot! 

Combatmap! 

Ialo has no plan lol

Misha and filibert went up a tree lol

7:30pm 

Wind around Sydney's tree

Hide in bush, can't see towards amaruc
Moonlight, arms stretching, claws growing,

Looks bigger than the last night she transformed

Torches coming towards us

# combat
Amaruc breaks tree down

I cast slow lol it's way too OP, I don't know if I ruined things lol

Hm what to do... Releaseher or fuck with farmers...

Fuck it I switch spells to +2 some dude lol

- [ ] inspiration 

I lay amaruc down tired in bed and say "we got you kid."

- [ ] level up! Level 7 now
